1    Write a Python program to find the maximum number from three given numbers.
2    Write a Python program to find factors of a given number.
3    Write a Python program to compute sum of digits of a given number.
4    Write a Python program to compute the greatest common divisor of two given positive integers.
5    Write a Python program to print the following pattern using nested for loop.
      *
      * *
      * * *
      * *
      *
6    Write a Python program to convert a given decimal number into corresponding binary number.
7    Write a Python program that accepts a string from the user and check whether it is a palindrome or not.
8    Write a Python program to convert a time from 12 hour to 24 hour format. (Hints: Input is 05:23 PM and output is 17:23 )
9    Write a Python program that takes your name as input, removes all vowels from your name and display the resultant string.
10    Write a Python program to check a given string contains all unique characters or not.
11    Write a Python that accepts your full name and display in short form. (Hints: Input is “Sachin Ramesh Tendulkar” and output is “S. R. Tendulkar”.)
12    Write a Python program to count total number of words in a given string.
13    Write a Python program to put Even and Odd numbers in separate lists.
14    Write a Python program to remove duplicates elements from a given list.
15    Write a Python program to find the second largest number from a given list.
16    Write a Python program to implement Set Union and Intersection operations.
17    Write a Python program that will show the following operations on tuple.
    a) Creating Tuples,             b) Accessing tuple elements,     c) Concatenation of Tuples,
    d) Deleting a Tuple
18    Write a Python program that will accept names and roll numbers from the user and add these items into dictionary. Also use the following options:
    a) Add Key-Value Pair to form Dictionary     b) Check a given key exists in Dictionary or not
    c) Remove a given Key from Dictionary    
19    Write a Python program using a function to print all prime factors of a given number.
20    Write a Python function that will return the Nth largest element from a list.
21    Write a Python function to find the factorial of a given number using recursion.
22    Write a Python function to find an element from a given list using recursive binary search technique.
23    Write a Python program to find the max of two given numbers using lamda function with if-else statement.
24    Write a Python program to differentiate the scope of global and local variables.    
25    Write a Python program for writing and reading in file.
26    Write a Python program to write names and roll numbers of your friends in a file, then print names of your friends for a given range of roll numbers.
27    Write a Python program to the square root of n random numbers using Math and Random module.
28    Write a Python program to create a user defined module/functions and import the modules to access the functions. Hints: Implement factorial function.
29    Write a python program to handle index-out-of-range exception.
30    Write a python program to handle division-by-zero exception.
31    Write a python program to handle exception using raise command.
32    Write a python program to handle exception using multiple except blocks.